Right like If we’re gonna acknowledge that people will get COVID and it won’t be very severe, we at least gotta give some resources to people while they’re recovering to go to class. I hate online learning but looking at the dashboard of cases over break makes me think it’s just going to have to happen
Pro tip: get covid while on break to avoid the problem altogether
Depends if you wanna get Covid first week back or a few weeks later
I think professors should be expected to keep recordings of lectures and do simultaneous broadcasts for people that are in COVID isolation. I don’t think every class should be hybrid by default.
I complain a lot about northeastern, but don’t be fooled, it’s amazing. Reasons: 1) In my program at least- the faculty and support (via academic advising especially, but also coop advisor and UHCS prescribing -not the care, just the prescribing) are amazing!!! When I go home and talk to friends about their colleges and experiences in their programs it’s clear that northeastern professors (and the administration in general) care a lot about creating an environment where you have personal, individualized access to your professors and their help/advice/research/whatever you need. Some schools’ professors and administrations just care about their research or getting you -a number, to them- through the program by failing people out who won’t “make it” and pushing those through who do. Northeastern clearly cares about teaching as a first priority- it’s why tuition makes up such a large portion of the budget and it’s what they get paid to do. 2) (and this is why I came here) A lot of universities these days emphasize “growing the whole student” and “the college experience” so they have a lot of gen eds, and don’t place nearly as much of a value on teaching students to navigate/interact with industry, or prepare them to have a successful career outside of academia afterward. Not that northeastern doesn’t place emphasis on those things- their study abroad is almost unparalleled, there are still robust opportunities to pursue academia (instead of industry, if that’s what you want to do), and there are still liberal arts programs and -to some degree- requirements (via NUpath) that encourage balance. BUT, above all you pretty much know that if you come here, Northeastern is going to teach you how to be great at something and how to be a professional in that field when you leave. No studying something then not being able to find a money-making job in the field after graduation and having to give up on it. You want to be an animator or fine arts major (traditionally hard fields to break into) the entire culture of the university is set up to help you -not just learn animation- but find a job in it. Northeastern makes a young professional out of you quickly. There are some downsides to that -it’s not a particularly warm place to be, everyone is constantly leaving classes/friends to go on coop or study abroad, so sometimes it’s hard to keep in touch, and the university pretty unfairly supports applied sciences/business programs above all others- but it creates a culture of staying in-touch with post-college reality, and getting you where you want to go. 3) Some colleges/universities try to shy away from any practice of cultural traditions/religion on their campuses (as practice of one religion might alienate students from another etc.) Northeastern takes (I think) a much better approach of actively encouraging/celebrating everyone’s traditions and religions: there is a nativity set on top of curry at Christmas time, but there are also menorah lighting gatherings in krentzman, and the northeastern Diwali celebration is lit every year 4) Being so big and having so many campuses all over the place, Northeastern naturally has an enormous pool of opportunities for research, clubs, study abroad, pretty much anything. They have achieved economies of scale in being a college and we all benefit from that. Not super unique to Northeastern, but still 5) For all the flak we give the administration, Northeastern is incredibly innovative. They are constantly coming up with new programs and ways to make things more efficient/better for students. Sometimes they use that innovative spirit in ways that are only good for the administration, but most of the time it benefits everyone. There is no complacency. If you want to do something, the answer seems to usually be “how can we make that happen” instead of “are you sure, no one else has tried that before” see: Combined majors, undergrad research/project grants (supposedly very under-utilized btw), and -hot take, but: all of NUin. You can see my point here in rankings too. Northeastern is very high on “most innovative” rankings So, I complain relentlessly about weird stuff the administration does, lack of mental health resources (what happened Tuesday of finals week in the library was fucked up), Covid response etc. but northeastern is still an amazing school and the right one for me and way under-rated IMO. It just needs some tweaks every once in a while, and I think that’s what we hear most about
pre covid it was really great
> not blowing your money? Having lunch with my middle age coworkers meant I had lots of time to ask them about investing, taxes, and making the most use of your benefits (like an HSA). Talk to your older coworkers at lunch. They know about this stuff, and about career / personal stuff in general. If you don't have lunch time with coworkers (covid and that), then at least for the money part, the /r/personalfinance flowchart is a good guide. was actually planning on making a yt video going over it for my friends.
Huh? There’s no way they sent out that email if they weren’t 100% sure they have it under control. Listen to what they said. We’re going to have to live with Covid eventually, we might as well start now. We’re all triple vaxxed, remember.
is it really harder to say? we have data on the lethality of covid by age group before vaccines. not trying to be an asshole here, just challenging your thinking. in october of last year, 1-2 months after campuses across the country re-opened, 3 students had been hospitalized nationwide. for comparison, 24,000 college students attempt suicide every year, and these objectively unnecessary restrictions drove that number far higher. statistically, people aged 18-25 are more likely to die if they get the flu than covid (unvaccinated). just reciting statistics. covid was never a threat to college students. pretending it is, however, is a threat to the mental and physical health of college students.
You can receive a booster 4 weeks post covid infection
You know you can still get off by getting the housing waiver. It’s not hard to get off. You just need your parents on board and have a good reason like COVID lol. I guarantee you will have a better life moving off campus with friends rather than staying in a dorm again.
Yeah like I’ve been saying and have been getting downvoted for some reason. If you get your parents involved and send a signed lease to the school with COVID as a reason to get off campus they will let you off. They don’t want to hear the wrath of a parent that just paid for their kids rent, security deposit and broken lease. Fuck northeastern housing
Omicron is a lot weaker than the delta and the original. I had omicron last week and I got covid earlier around august. Omicron was like a 2 day fever while Covid was like a 5 day situation (at least thats how it was for me). According to most reports I've read, omicron is very mild compared to covid-19 in terms of symptoms and hospitalization rate. I also will be receiving the booster in a week, but in regards to your question I don't think it matters when people get the booster as long as they get it before campus.
lmao - yeah, pre-covid, that was never a thing
hell if i know, that’s just what it said in their original announcement. i imagine because they have everyone’s vaccine on record they have some kind of database that will flag if someone is overdue for a booster, then if it’s bc you got covid you’d have to be like here’s proof i had covid and when im getting my booster
I mean would it be any better if we all came back to campus for a few days and then had to get the shot? Would just screw anyone that didn’t already get Covid in this case. Feel like there’s never a guarantee you don’t have Covid when you get the vaccine
Is this the same as NUin? If so, you’ll be off campus for your first semester and come back during the spring semester. I met some kids who went through NUin and loved it! It’s always cool to start off your college experience abroad. Some people are weary because of COVID, but that decision is up to you. Usually kids who are accepted NUin have to go abroad and I don’t think there’s any way for you to be on the Boston campus (last year because of COVID they had NUin Boston but I’m not sure if that’s a location again). I’ve heard it can be hard for kids to adjust to spring semester, especially since half of your classmates would have been on campus the first half. If that doesn’t bother you, then go ahead! I’ve loved my experience at NU so far, so I would have done anything to be at the school even if it required me to go abroad. Hope this helps (and is the same program lmao)
I have trouble believing long covid NEVER is contagious…
Just to support you a lil bit here, my COVID was bad I was coughing blood, one of my roommate’s was in a lot of pain and could not move, I have seen a lot of my friends not have mild conditions at all, I have also seen people who got both delta and omicron and currently have worse symptoms in omicron
if you can do it, do it. i know a lot of second years who had their parents send emails to Housing/ResLife claiming they were afraid of covid on-campus and attached the signed lease to the email. worked every time.
This is probably chock full of much better graphics to illustrate concerns in regards to national covid spread: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2021/12/28/us/covid-deaths.html The fact is that if you’re vaccinated and boosted, covid really is just like a flu - I was talking to an at-home nurse (not one of the conspiracy theory types lol) literally today about one of their patients with COPD - fucking COPD! - who got through a bout of covid just fine. If you’re unvaccinated, you’re plainly and simply fucked, and a liability to yourself and others. Thankfully, MA is close to 75% fully vaccinated and I think about 90% partially vaccinated. Our hospitalization rate is lower and deaths are very low - on top of that, I believe 2/3 of those hospitalized and effectively all of the deaths are unvaccinated people. Moral of the story? Get vaccinated, or you might as well walk across Huntington with a blindfold a couple times.
Viruses spread in waves. Even 1918 pandemic had waves. Every few months there has been a new variant and more cases. Different region may lag for the peak covid.
Damn that’s so tough bro. At least you only have 1 more year. I’d recommend you start looking at apartments early next year so you’re all set with your favorite place for the third year! It was a bit easier to get off campus when COVID first started so assume it still is? What exactly did you say and why did they reject you? Did you get ur parents involved, I found that got 8/10 of my friends off immediately.
tell them that rising COVID cases are scaring you and your family. You need to live alone off campus, away from the overadmitted dorms. If you have an underlying medical issue state it. If you have financial issues state it. Get parents on board and you will be off campus. Housing and most universities is a giant scam and used to increase their revenue and control students. Northeastern loves their housing requirement because it allows for more control, which their strangely authoritarian system feeds on. If housing was truly for students it wouldn’t be more expensive than surrounding areas for a room that two people share. The quality of most dorms is low, infested with rats and other pests. Nobody should be living in dorms unless they pay significantly less, in which case why complain when you are given a gift like cheap housing.
I just saw OP’s comment that this is percent of population that catches covid - that’s a pretty simple explanation in that case. If 10k people in California catch covid, and 10k people in Connecticut catch covid, CT is going to have a way higher proportion of the population with covid than CA. Honestly this graphic doesn’t really show much in terms of spread; state boundaries are arbitrary in relation to dense zones of population. Unless you already know populations of states (and individual mask mandates/vax rates), this graphic won’t tell you much except that you’re more or less likely to encounter someone with covid while in that state.